Allow access to foreign app account (#787)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

- Added replace2 and replace3 opcode to `runtime`.
- Added sha3_256 opcode to `Runtime`
- Added ed25519verify_bare opcode to `Runtime`

> - `Runtime` can now access to foreign app account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ` Added support for foreign app account access in Runtime`
```
